# Database Setup

To first setup the database you can either download the database that is within the p8 folder or you can create and populate a database yourself. To create and populate a database yourself you should download the "create_db.sql" file and the "populate_db.sql" file from p8. Then you can also download the python file "final.py". Finally download the "views" folder which has all the html pages in it. If you are running the "create_db.sql" and "populate_db.sql" yourself, make sure that you are naming the database "hospital.db" and is in the same directory as the python file and the views. Once all files are downloaded and database has been created, run the python file with "python final.py"

# API Use

The first name attribute uses a LIKE statement and the specialty attribute uses a drop down menu with a list of all of the options. Either of the fields can be empty when searching and the results will only use the information that was given. There is also a link to all doctors at the top of the page incase someone wants to get a list of all the doctors. The resulting table has all of the information on each doctor as well as a link to update the info, view the patients of that specific doctor, add a patient for that doctor, or delete that doctor. The patients are the relation Y in my API and are actually a many to many relation so I do use 3 tables (one being a relational table) when retrieving the patients information. From the doctor search you can get to every other page you need to. There is a hard cap of 20 tuples for the doctor results so to find a doctor outside of that limit then you must search for it. The Add Doctor button was put on the top of every page as a tab so that it can be accessed from anywhere else in the web app.
